Explain the delay for event clock. (#3567)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/synchronous.tex

\firstuse[event clock]{Event clock}.
The first input argument, $\mathit{condition}$, is a continuous-time expression of type \lstinline!Boolean!.
The optional $\mathit{startInterval}$ argument (defaults to 0) is the value returned by \lstinline!interval()! at the first tick of the clock, see \cref{initialization-of-clocked-partitions}.
The result is of base type \lstinline!Clock! that ticks when \lstinline!edge(pre($\mathit{condition}$))! becomes \lstinline!true!.
\begin{nonnormative}
This clock is used to trigger a clocked base-partition due to a state event (that is a zero-crossing of a \lstinline!Real! variable) in an unclocked base-partition, or due to a hardware interrupt that is modeled as \lstinline!Boolean! in the simulation model.

> The additional \lstinline!pre! delays the event clock one event iteration, but does not introduce any time-delay.

Reviewer: If the clock is delayed one even iteration, doesn't it also mean that there is a time delay? Isn't there some time passed between one iteration and another?

Author: No time delay. 
It may be that we should be clearer with the terminology - and say "one step of the event iteration", even if reinit uses similar terminology. Basically we have an "event" at a point in time and "iterate" (at that time-instant), and the event clock is activated in the next iteration (at that time-instant).

So:
- Over-all procedure: currently event
- Each step in the iterative: currently event iteration, proposed "one step of the event iteration"

Reviewer: Thank you for the explanation. Resolving.

\end{lstlisting}
\end{example}

\begin{example}
Demonstrating the subtle effect of the additional \lstinline!pre!:
\begin{lstlisting}[language=modelica]
  Boolean b = time >= 0.5;
  Clock c = Clock(b);
  Boolean b2 = sample(b, c);
\end{lstlisting}

> The first tick for \lstinline!b2! is at \lstinline!0.5! where it is \lstinline!true!.

Author: ```suggestion
The first tick of \lstinline!c! (the clock of \lstinline!b2!) is at \lstinline!0.5! where \lstinline!b2! is \lstinline!true!.
```

> This is because both the event clock and sample introduce a delay of one event iteration, keeping the synchronized.

Author: ```suggestion
This is because both the event clock and sample introduce a delay of one event iteration, keeping them synchronized.
```

\end{example}

> 

Reviewer: Can you walk me through this example? It is so subtle. It says "the first tick for b2..." Does b2 also tick? I thought tick would only apply to clock variables. Based on the added text above I am expecting to see 2 events. But I am only seeing an event at 0.5. Events are not my specialty. Or does the text on line 418 mean that there is iteration during an event but the time is stopped?

Author: > Can you walk me through this example? It is so subtle. It says "the first tick for b2..." Does b2 also tick? I thought tick would only apply to clock variables. 

Yes, should write something like:

The first tick of c (the clock of b2) is at 0.5 where b2 is true.

> Based on the added text above I am expecting to see 2 events. But I am only seeing an event at 0.5. Events are not my specialty. Or does the text on line 418 mean that there is iteration during an event but the time is stopped?

The latter.

Author: Note that it subtly said "the first tick for b2", not "the first tick of b2". However, that was so subtle that I missed it myself.

Reviewer: Thanks,  I came to the understanding by the end of my comment, but it's good to confirm it. Resolving.
